Sample Input Data:
   1. The pressure element shall be bourdon, diaphragm, or bellows depending upon process
       condition. Generally, for positive pressure bourdon type gauge is the first choice.
   2. The pressure gauge dial shall be white with black figures & dial size of 150 mm. The dial shall be
       marked with pressure element material. The connection shall be 1/2″ NPTM bottom. The
       normal Operating Pressure range on the dial shall be of Green color.
   3. Pressure gauges shall have an accuracy of ±1% of Full scale.
   4. The pressure gauge shall be with external zero adjustment features.
   5. Pressure gauge sensing material shall be minimum SS316 & case material shall be a minimum
       SS304 & with a bayonet bezel ring. Glass/window shall be shatterproof. Pointer material shall be
       minimum Aluminum.
   6. Ranges for instruments shall be selected such that in normal process operation, the indication is
       in between 30% to 70% of the calibration range.
   7. The pressure gauge shall have over-range protection of 130% of max. Operating pressure and
       shall have blowout disc.
   8. Pressure gauges with a range of more than 60 kg/cm2g shall have a solid front case.
   9. Remote surface mounting pressure gauges shall be considered for services of higher operating
       temperature than 100°C or pump discharge application.
   10. Instruments that can be exposed to a vacuum shall have under-range protection.
   11. Diaphragm seal element with capillary shall be used for toxic, congealing, corrosive, and highly
       viscous services. Diaphragm/flange material shall be as per process requirement, but SS316 is to
       be considered as a minimum. Minimum flange rating 300# & Flange size 2” for direct vessel
       mount diaphragm seal type.
   12. Where vibrations and pressure fluctuations are expected then glycerin-filled type or snubber
       shall be used.
   13. A gauge designed to indicate oxygen pressure shall comply with cleanliness level IV. The dial
       shall clearly indicate “USE NO OIL” in red color.
   14. Pressure gauge in ammonia service, materials such as copper, brass, and silver brazing alloys
       should not be used.
   15. All instruments in sour service shall meet NACE MR 0103 requirement wherever required as per
       piping material specification.
   16. Radiography, IBR testing, NACE, Post Weld Heat Treatment, and Stress relieving requirements
       shall be considered as per piping material specification.
   17. Mounting accessories as required for pressure gauge shall be of Stainless Steel.




       Please note that above is input test data. Sentence formations will change each time.
       The objective is to train a robust NLP model to understand text data like above and to
       extract necessary information in output excel. Please refer attached desired sample
       output excel.
